[Autogenerated] Hi there.
My name is Amber Israel Sin and welcome to my course
fundamentals of machine learning on AWS.
I've been a developer, author and technical trainer for over 16 years,
and I must say it's an exciting time to be in technology right now.
You've probably heard about how machine learning is shaping
our world from facial recognition to package delivery speech
recognition to self driving cars.
But how do you get started in this cutting edge field?
That's what this course is all about.
In the upcoming modules,
you'll learn how to solve real world problems with
AWS Machine Learning Technologies.
First, you explore what M.
L is and how it relates to artificial intelligence and deep learning.
Next, you'll learn how to identify and frame opportunities for machine learning.
You'll discover the end end process, fetching,
cleaning and preparing data training and evaluating
models and deploying and monitoring.
Finally,
you'll learn the AWS artificial intelligence and machine learning
stack that enables this process and see those technologies in
action with Amazon Sage Maker Studio.
When you're finished with this course,
you'll have the skills and knowledge of AWS machine learning technologies
needed to solve real world problems This course will also lay the foundation
for the AWS machine Learning specialty certification.
The course is targeted a software developers and data scientists who
want to learn the basics of machine learning on AWS,
a secondary audiences business decision makers who want to understand how
machine learning convey used to solve business problems.
While you don't need any prior machine learning experience,
you should know the basics of Amazon Web Services before continuing.
I hope you'll join me in this journey in fundamentals of machine learning on AWS at Pluralsight.